[Applause]
it's Rivera
[Music]
in my 41 years of research have never
found a beer like this that I can walk
with rest with and have her beat this
calm
[Music]
if this bear is killed it would just
ruin the project she's seven years old
and she has become the gentlest most
trusting bear that I can imagine
[Music]
[Applause]
the hunter was nice enough to call me
and describe the bear and it was Dale
one of the three amigos
Mickey Cal and Dale that hung out
together we wanted to find out how that
relationship how long it would continue
but well we won't get that
when you find out that a bear you know
has been killed it does something to you
you're happy also to know that the death
is quick you hate to lose Dale but on
the other hand hunting is a fact of life
here we're going to be on edge for the
next six weeks it's a six-week hunting
season this is just day one we'll see
what happens tomorrow
[Music]
you